hey what's up guys murderer of birds
here I just got finished watching critic
on a basket
episode 2 season 2 and I freakin I could
go you know critical is a beast he's
gonna be a beast I swear to god he's
going to be a beast his potential in
this episode off of that one unperfect
attack neke is just on it's on another
level at this point you know I just want
to see what he can also do with the
driveability with the fact that maybe
will he be able to shoot besides just
passing and driving I mean if he's gonna
drive you obviously has to shoot but
that was probably the highlight of the
entire episode episode wasn't really
what I was expecting you know I was
expecting to see you know a really deep
intense basketball match but the freakin
stupid weather wanted to act up instead
of raining so anyways initial episode
you know he start off what a sake bond
he's introduced as the center of the
generation of miracles he's very
unorthodox his uh his character is
pretty you know chill laid-back and I
really do enjoy that but he also has
that childish side of him you know he
you know he likes to goof off his to eat
candy junk food and you know behaves
like a child and we see that for sure in
this episode when he's provoked by
Kagame and they're going back and please
like I know it's robbed one of my stuff
like that you know he definitely doesn't
take anything seriously
other than the game of basketball and
you know we end up finding out that you
know he has extreme talent the fact that
you know he's like about seven feet tall
and he knows how to play the game and he
likes winning and he likes beating
people is interesting enough but the
fact is he actually doesn't like
basketball and the fact is if he
actually loved basketball to the point
where you know Kagame and political
loved it he could almost he could
literally be unstoppable you know if he
had the same drive as out mean a in the
terms of you know he loves basketball
and he knows he's good at it but the
fact is you know he's still unstoppable
as you know from what críticos says like
when he's on his when he's on his game
he's literally on unstoppable force so I
was really disappointed that we couldn't
see that in this in this episode you
know I was really excited to see more
sake bara go up against them in this in
the startup match but you know they
definitely
things back on they held things back but
they did give us some interesting
tidbits for the future we find out also
that the generation of miracle is none
of them actually participated in the
inter high semifinals and the finals and
that's because as you guys know the
generation of miracles are a bunch of
monsters they're all freaking beast mode
in their own way and it's because their
bodies you know aren't fully developed
that like you know sometimes I even
forget but they are teenagers you know
they're in high school and their their
skills and their abilities and their
talent just surpassed that in which what
their body can can deal with just look
at t say when he you know he tried
copying I mean a in season one and you
know his body was giving out and we find
out that you know akashi told motive
sake bara to not play in the in the in
the finals and the semi finals which
motor sake bara only listens to Akashi
of generation miracles because he was
the former team leader Almina was
actually you know taken off of the field
off of the court because you know he was
he was playing pretty recklessly after
his match with t saying they didn't
wanted to injure himself he got into an
altercation with Malloy and you know she
ended up going to team say team sirens
team and talking akuto co about it and
you know he consoled her about that and
so we did get that bit amount from him
another interesting concept I can't
believe I almost forgot this but he
Moreau he Moreau had that sense of a
generation of miracles type feel from
Kuta Co and he definitely has something
to bring to the table he gave us a
glimpse a glimpse of what he can do and
it was pretty freakin insane I actually
was extremely excited to find this out
you know with his shot that he he took a
clear jump shot and you know Kagame
being overzealous you know he's being
he's like hey I can definitely beat this
and the ball phased right through him
you know it's transparent went right
through him and it's pretty much a nun
you know an unblockable shot how he does
that is really interesting to know
Kyoshi made a reference that you know
his first shot of the game it looked
like he was in slow motion so maybe it's
like a time manipulative type ability
I'm not entirely sure really would like
to know more intricacies about that but
that move that was pretty beast
but yeah like this entire episode you
know it didn't necessarily give me what
I wanted in the sense of you know a
five-on-five basketball game between two
generation of miracle type characters
but it did give us Tippett of you know
things to look at towards in the future
with the with the Winter Cup coming up
so I'm really really excited I'm
definitely gonna hold on to my C and you
know for this ride in the future but the
overall best aspect of this entire
episode was definitely cool to go you
know kudo has definitely come a long way
from just being the passer you know just
being the one to pass the ball to
everyone in a stylish way and having
that misdirection and you know in the
episode with the games you know you he
was only passing as far as now but after
you know we saw what he can do he showed
off his technique Malloy and he has an
unstoppable Drive and she even said he's
like it's not even perfected even if
it's perfected and his opponents know
what they're in for
he you know no one can stop him and this
is the potential that I want to see
critical I want to be able to see him
pass like crazy like crazy with that
with that ignite pass I want to be able
to see him you know use that
misdirection to a full extent he has
unstoppable guy he has an unstoppable
drive that you know if he perfects it
he'll be on his game all we need now is
for him to be able to have the capacity
and the ability to shoot that
coordinated with Kagame with his jump
abilities and everyone i'll tell me on
the team you know Hyuga and everybody
else you know team sago is definitely
definitely on point now they're
definitely working towards you know
being able to compete with the
generation of miracles not having a
struggle and not having to worry about
you know relying on Kagame and critical
for everything that's been happening but
let me know what you guys thought I you
know I'm still I probably I'm gonna go
back and watch this episode again just
because you know I can't I can't wait
you know I can't wait for future events
I can't wait to see what motor sake bara
can do you know he was just sitting on
the field not really doing much didn't
have really a care in the world but I
really want to see what he can do when
he goes in he would or I want to find a
little bit more about his back story how
does he know have that generation of
miracles feel and how did he learn that
technique and you know um I want more so
let me know what you guys saw in the
comments down below be sure to LIKE and
subscribe if you enjoyed this video and
I will definitely be catching you guys
next week for this episode thanks a lot
guys and I'll catch you guys later peace